help the fallen attack us
or thanks the Spartans they
they will save we are not the Spartans we are
the guardians and we have come to defeat
darkness is our destiny to hate
are the fucking ones awakened we are here
we are alive and we are going to rape
fighting leader I found that chest
glitter accessories so much I love
I love it I have to give it fable
with your eyes hates this is going to be very
sensual little movie god oh god oh god
to be able to provide help there are articulated me
love I love nothing moves me to
bite like as a model as a
model in biting puts it bites elaborate
huge black dildo as has arrived
up here jesús fucking fags
go that has been cruel of the host not
can you say that child forgiveness
we are not gay you are gay
to see I am homosexual and maybe
you will not be but you have a pen
of cojones
let's go I do not want to protect those
intolerant hetero fobos because I am
hetero to everyone saying that we are so
heteros yes fag
but the key
a serious study of the wta
I know you are
stop calling short colleagues
[Music]
and even
the same origin of the death of the
Forward